[Music]
[Applause]
did you wash your hands with soap did
you dry them all vegetables wanted all
vegetable I did so are we going to talk
about it what the elephant in the room
what elephant
mom's new job
it's time to make some wrong things
right help me bring supers back into the
sunlight we need to change people's
perceptions about superheroes and
Elastigirl is our best play better than
me I watch the kids no problem you're
supposed to do it dad they want us to do
it I don't know that way why would they
change math math is bad hello hey honey
kit everything's great
[Music]
he's in excellent health that is freaky
you know it's crazy right to help my
family I gotta leave it to fix the law I
gotta break it you got to the store kids
can have that choice thank you young man
combustion imminent what does that mean
it means fire Robert
the screen slider interrupts this
program for an important announcer
suit up and might get weird I'll be
there can't steer it'll stop at end the
under miners escape
[Music]
let me ask you something what is the
main reason you were all forced
underground ignorance perception take
today for example with the Underminer
difficult situation you were faced with
a lot of hard decisions tell me about it
I can't because I didn't see it neither
did anyone else
so when you fight bad guys like today
people don't see the fight or what led
up to it they see what politicians tell
them to see they see destruction and
they see you so if we want to change
people's perceptions about superheroes
we need you to share your perceptions
with the world how do we do that with
cameras we embed tiny cameras like those
into your super suits Wow so small and
the picture is outstanding Thanks
designed to myself what
[Music]
no laughter cycle you asked to cycle I
didn't know you had a buddy I had a
mohawk there's a lot about me you don't
know yeah Oh hook you didn't miss
anything
yeah this one's electric what something
[Music]
means it
you will be great I will be great and
you will do we will both be great
[Music]
looks normal to me when did this start
happen since Helen got the job I assume
she knows are you kidding I can't tell
her about this not while she's doing
hero work I've got to succeed so she can
succeed so we can't 68th it Bob I get it
one what's the last time you slept don't
keep track of that besides he's a baby I
can handle that I got this handle so you
good then you got everything under
control right he can still hear you that
is freaky good luck gastly Robert I
haven't been sleeping I broke my
daughter they keep changing math we
needed double-a batteries but I got
triple A's and now we still need
double-a matters put one red thing in
and a load of whites now everything's
pink and I think we need done properly
parenting is a heroic act done properly
is mom's new job she's an advocate for
superheroes
but I thought superheroes were still
illegal so things haven't spiraled out
of control the moment I left looks
normal to me I'll be there ASAP
it's up to us
[Music]
hey little baby pigs are seem credible
to you yet she gets that green peachy
laughter check I thought we were gonna
go heard your mother
trampolining
superheroes are illegal you want to
fight bad guys defines Who I am
we're not saying you have what someone
on TV said I was approached by this
tycoon wants to talk about hero stuff
help me bring supers back into the
sunlight we need Elastigirl like sweetie
I'll watch the kids no problem
not the way you're supposed to do it dad
they want us to do it I don't know that
way why would they change math over
Dusseldorf do those are dogs in I was so
heavy atropine closer I couldn't have
done this if you hadn't taken over so
well I've got to succeed so she can
succeed
can I get it Bob is tricky but I can't
keep giving it done properly parenting
is a heroic act done properly
you